Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
Never trust anyone who has not brought a book with them.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.
Sometimes people are beautiful.Not in looks.Not in what they say.Just in what they are.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.
If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.
You dont have a soul, Doctor. You are a soul. You have a body, temporarily.
I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.
If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.
The reason I talk to myself is because Im the only one whose answers I accept.
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
You dont forget the face of the person who was your last hope.
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. 
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Its no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.
We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.
There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.
... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
The truth. Dumbledore sighed. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could.
Tis better to have loved and lostThan never to have loved at all.
I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul.
Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
Oh, I wouldn't mind, Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you.
Jesus! Luke exclaimed.Actually, it's just me, said Simon. Although I've been told the resemblance is startling.
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.
Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.
Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint.
Have you ever noticed how What the hell is always the right decision to make?
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.
Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.
Do you hate people?I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will.
A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.
If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever.
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.
With great power... comes great need to take a nap. Wake me up later.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult trade since it consists principally of dealings with men.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
It's far better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone  so far.
I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun.
If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there
You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
Love is needing someone. Love is putting up with someone's bad qualities because they somehow complete you.
It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.
I would die for you. But I won't live for you.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right  for youll be criticized anyway.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
What a treacherous thing to believe that a person is more than a person.
Maybe our favorite quotations say more about us than about the stories and people we're quoting.
So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you really are.
Hold fast to dreams,For if dreams dieLife is a broken-winged bird,That cannot fly.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you.
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Wicked people never have time for reading. It's one of the reasons for their wickedness.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.
We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect.
It means 'Shadowhunters: Looking Better in Black Than the Widows of our Enemies Since 1234'.
I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there.
I have hated words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Doubt thou the stars are fire;Doubt that the sun doth move;Doubt truth to be a liar;But never doubt I love.
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
Libraries were full of ideasperhaps the most dangerous and powerful of all weapons.
You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.
When someone shows you who they are believe them the first time.
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not want to sign.
You're a prefect? Oh Ronnie! That's everyone in the family!What are Fred and I? Next door neighbors?
Going to church doesnt make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves.
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
Let us read, and let us dance; these two amusements will never do any harm to the world.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,Nothing is going to get better. It's not.
Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.
Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly.
Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.
Reading is one form of escape. Running for your life is another.
How lucky I am to have known somebody and something that saying goodbye to is so damned awful.
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
I might be in love with you. He smiles a little. I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart. I am, I am, I am.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
There are no good girls gone wrong - just bad girls found out.
Dont go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
If you're reading this...Congratulations, you're alive.If that's not something to smile about,then I don't know what is.
I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.
Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
It is so hard to leaveuntil you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right.
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.
Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful.
Books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal.
I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.
I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once.
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.
The most important thing is to enjoy your lifeto be happyit's all that matters.
For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you.
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other peoples hands.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren't.
It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power.
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.
You said you were going for a walk!? What kind of walk takes six hours?A long one?
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didnt know.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.
Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.
When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Many people, myself among them, feel better at the mere sight of a book.
I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
That's the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.
Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting.
What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.
I am very interested and fascinated how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other.
Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.
Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.
If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.
Life is too short to waste your time on people who dont respect, appreciate, and value you.
I have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends will call it.
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.
They love their hair because they're not smart enough to love something more interesting.
Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.
Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.
Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.
I lie to myself all the time. But I never believe me.
Percy wouldn't notice a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing one of Dobby's hats.
Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out.
Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everyone I've ever known.
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.
When a man gives his opinion, he's a man. When a woman gives her opinion, she's a bitch.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Deadlines just aren't real to me until I'm staring one in the face.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
And, in the endThe love you takeis equal to the love you make.
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
Loyalty to country ALWAYS. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it.
My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.
To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.
She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain.
Will looked horrified. What kind of monster could possibly hate chocolate?
I am a badass, and I recognize that you, too, are a badass.
Dont waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
My nightmares are usually about losing you. I'm okay once I realize you're here.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.
Its only after youve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
Wow, Thalia muttered. Apollo is hot. He's the sun god, I said.That's not what I meant.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
It's strange because sometimes, I read a book, and I think I am the people in the book.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!
But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.
I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.
Sometimes crying or laughing are the only options left, and laughing feels better right now.
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept.
You probably wouldnt worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
Be careful of love. It'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong.
I've got a stele we can use. Who wants to do me?A regrettable choice of words, muttered Magnus.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.
I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.
Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
People haven't always been there for me but music always has.
You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.
I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.
You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts...but you cannot deny he's got style...
To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's.
He must have known I'd want to leave you.No, he must have known you would always want to come back.
Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.
All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.
I don't want to repeat my innocence. I want the pleasure of losing it again.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.
Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
There are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds.
Words can be like X-rays if you use them properly -- theyll go through anything. You read and youre pierced.
Begin at the beginning, the King said, very gravely, and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
What you must understand about me is that Im a deeply unhappy person.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.
Id said it before and meant it: Alive or undead, the love of my life was a badass.
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.
Life is for the living.Death is for the dead.Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid.
Only a true best friend can protect you from your immortal enemies.
The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.
If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
There is no surer foundation for a beautiful friendship than a mutual taste in literature.
Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.
True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.
I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right.
Do you think I'm pretty?I think you're beautifulBeautiful?You are so beautiful, it hurts sometimes.
We know what we are, but not what we may be.
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.
Knowing others is intelligence;knowing yourself is true wisdom.Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.
A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.
You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope...I have loved none but you.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.
There's plenty of sense in nonsense sometimes, if you wish to look for it.
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
If writers wrote as carelessly as some people talk, then adhasdh asdglaseuyt[bn[ pasdlgkhasdfasdf.
I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.
but for my own part, if a book is well written, I always find it too short.
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
Perhaps when we find ourselves wanting everything, it is because we are dangerously close to wanting nothing.
Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.
Right now Im having amnesia and dj vu at the same time. I think Ive forgotten this before.
There is no real ending. Its just the place where you stop the story.
What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
HopeSmiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier'...
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Youre wishin too much, baby. You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone oughtta be.
It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment.
Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.
Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
          
No. I can survive well enough on my own if given the proper reading material.
All endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure.
After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world.
Let everything happen to youBeauty and terrorJust keep goingNo feeling is final
Learn what is to be taken seriously and laugh at the rest.
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.
A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
If you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
You're off to Great Places!Today is your day!Your mountain is waiting,So... get on your way!
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
Holey? You have the the whole world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?
And that's the thing about people who mean everything they say. They think everyone else does too.
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.
He's a wallflower. You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand.
The silence depressed me. It wasn't the silence of silence. It was my own silence.
No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.
Many people lose the small joys in the hope for the big happiness.
To burn with desire and keep quiet about it is the greatest punishment we can bring on ourselves.
Usually I'm remarkably good natured. Try me on a day that doesn't end in y.
And I like large parties. Theyre so intimate. At small parties there isnt any privacy.
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
This is your life and its ending one moment at a time.
People are more difficult to work with than machines. And when you break a person, he can't be fixed.
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.
Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Lets not forget this.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.
If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky.
I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over.
The darker the night, the brighter the stars,  The deeper the grief, the closer is God!
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
There are no faster or firmer friendships than those formed between people who love the same books.
Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it.
I, myself, am made entirely of flaws, stitched together with good intentions.
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Acts of Kindness:A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?
I do things like get in a taxi and say, The library, and step on it.
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us.
Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine.
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
But a mermaid has no tears, and therefore she suffers so much more.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.
I wantTo do with you what spring does with the cherry trees.
Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge is yourself.
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?
For last year's words belong to last year's language And next year's words await another voice.
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
At some point, you just pull off the Band-Aid, and it hurts, but then it's over and you're relieved.
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
You don't remember what happened. What you remember becomes what happened.
As if you were on fire from within.The moon lives in the lining of your skin.
What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...
Perhaps it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be.
Oh well... I'd just been thinking, if you had died, you'd have been welcome to share my toilet.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
Maybe everbody in the whole damn world is scared of each other.
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
Imagine smiling after a slap in the face. Then think of doing it twenty-four hours a day.
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
Atticus told me to delete the adjectives and I'd have the facts.
All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know.
A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.
You know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. It's not overrated. There's a reason for all those songs.
But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.
The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it.
There are three types of lies -- lies, damn lies, and statistics.
Words are easy, like the wind; Faithful friends are hard to find.
I dream. Sometimes I think that's the only right thing to do.
I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.
You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
Tonight I can write the saddest linesI loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
I will have you without armor, Kaz Brekker. Or I will not have you at all.
You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is a palace.
It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.
It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.
Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.
I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get
Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of ones own self.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.
The meek may inherit the earth, but at the moment it belongs to the conceited. Like me.
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.
So it's you and a syringe against the Capitol? See, this is why no one lets you make the plans.
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.
If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.
If I got rid of my demons, Id lose my angels.
How do you spell 'love'? - PigletYou don't spell it...you feel it. - Pooh
I wasn't actually in love, but I felt a sort of tender curiosity.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
You can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange.
Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
No woman really wants a man to carry her off; she only wants him to want to do it.
There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can't figure out what from.
In politics, If you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman.
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from.
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
you can, you should, and if youre brave enough to start, you will.
Biology gives you a brain. Life turns it into a mind.
The heart is an arrow. It demands aim to land true.
I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
If you don't know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
These violent delights have violent endsAnd in their triump die, like fire and powderWhich, as they kiss, consume
She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
It is my belief... that the truth is generally preferable to lies.
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
All the secrets of the world are contained in books. Read at your own risk.
I realize only one person will be damaged beyond repair if Peeta dies. Me.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
A DEFINITION NOT FOUNDIN THE DICTIONARYNot leaving: an act of trust and love,often deciphered by children
A writer is someone for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
Was it hard? I ask.Letting go?Not as hard as holding on to something that wasn't real.
People can lose their lives in libraries. They ought to be warned.
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.
Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.
There is no exquisite beauty without some strangeness in the proportion.
Of all the trees we could've hit, we had to get one that hits back.
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.
Stay gold, Ponyboy. Stay gold . . . The pillow seemed to sink a little, and Johnny died.
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead; I lift my eyes and all is born again.
The capacity for friendship is God's way of apologizing for our families.
I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.
You realize that our mistrust of the future makes it hard to give up the past.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.
Even if you are on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.
I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
It's discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
It's funny how humans can wrap their mind around things and fit them into their version of reality.
Every now and then I like to do as I'm told, just to confuse people.
You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.
The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless unremembered acts of kindness and love.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does, and that is his.
Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
Science and religion are not at odds. Science is simply too young to understand.
My Best Friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read.
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Art and love are the same thing: Its the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you.
And perhaps it is the greater grief, after all, to be left on earth when another is gone.
Ah! There is nothing like staying at home, for real comfort.
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
A truth that's told with bad intentBeats all the lies you can invent.
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.
One day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence.
I am constantly torn between killing myself and killing everyone around me.
Do I contradict myself?Very well then I contradict myself,(I am large, I contain multitudes.)
If things start happening, don't worry, don't stew, just go right along and you'll start happening too.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
being alone never felt right. sometimes it felt good, but it never felt right.
A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think
It's like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
The library is inhabited by spirits that come out of the pages at night.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection
For whatever we lose (like a you or a me),It's always our self we find in the sea.
One thing you can't hide - is when you're crippled inside.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
There is greatness in doing something you hate for the sake of someone you love.
let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences
I suppose a fire that burns that bright is not meant to last.
Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts.
Our memory is a more perfect world than the universe: it gives back life to those who no longer exist.
Always do what is right. It will gratify half of mankind and astound the other.
You have to know what you stand for, not just what you stand against.
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.
There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.
But he who dares not grasp the thorn Should never crave the rose.
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
People shouldn't be afraid of their government. Governments should be afraid of their people.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
A girl should be two things: who and what she wants.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
I am too fond of reading books to care to write them.
Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.
You can't stop the futureYou can't rewind the pastThe only way to learn the secret...is to press play.
Beautiful face. Beautiful body. Horrible attitude. It was the holy trinity of hot boys.
When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.
Confidence is ignorance. If you're feeling cocky, it's because there's something you don't know.
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
All alone! Whether you like it or not, alone is something you'll be quite a lot!
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see.
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.
A snowball in the face is surely the perfect beginning to a lasting friendship.
The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.
God can't give us peace and happiness apart from Himself because there is no such thing.
Men are afraid that women will laugh at them. Women are afraid that men will kill them.
Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.
If you would tell me the heart of a man, tell me not what he reads, but what he rereads.
If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Open your heart. Someone will come. Someone will come for you. But first you must open your heart.
Our mothers always remain the strangest, craziest people we've ever met.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere!
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die.
I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.
Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world.
I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.
DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH.
silence is the language of god, all else is poor translation.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
One of the advantages of being disorganized is that one is always having surprising discoveries.
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. 
Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.
That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they'll take you.
She had always wanted words, she loved them; grew up on them. Words gave her clarity, brought reason, shape.
Time doesnt heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
I wrote the story myself. It's about a girl who lost her reputation and never missed it.
If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself.
The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!
This is the way the world endsNot with a bang but a whimper.
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.
How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
I always channel my emotions into my work. That way, I don't hurt anyone but myself.
As it has been said:Love and a coughcannot be concealed.Even a small cough.Even a small love.
By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes.
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask whats for lunch.
Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, It might have been.
Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters.
Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on TheeAnd I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.
A diary with no drawings of me in it? Where are the torrid fantasies? The romance covers?
Do not be afraid; our fateCannot be taken from us; it is a gift.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!
To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.
That's what careless words do. They make people love you a little less.
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
What day is it? asked Pooh. Its today, squeaked Piglet.My favorite day, said Pooh.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Ah, music, he said, wiping his eyes. A magic beyond all we do here!
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.
Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing.
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; its all an experience.
They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.
The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes.
If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden.
I bet you could sometimes find all the mysteries of the universe in someone's hand.
I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
You know how they say you only hurt the ones you love? Well, it works both ways.
It's not always necessary to be strong, but to feel strong.
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.
We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams.
Is it possible for home to be a person and not a place?
A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice.
The trouble is if you dont spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.
There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.
It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.
One wordFrees us of all the weight and pain of life:That word is love.
Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.
You know, Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help.
We're staying together, he promised. You're not getting away from me. Never again.
There are two means of refuge from the misery of life  music and cats.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks,And all the sweet serenity of books
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.
There are only the pursued, the pursuing, the busy and the tired.
Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward.
When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching -- they are your family. 
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
If Im honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.
Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.
When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.
Books have to be heavy because the whole world's inside them.
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
Some people have a way with words, and other people...oh, uh, not have way.
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.
It's hard to enjoy practical jokes when your whole life feels like one.
I've lived through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.
There is a crack in everything.That's how the light gets in.
Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.
Forbidden to remember, terrified to forget; it was a hard line to walk.
The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it...
Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.
Don't give in to your fears. If you do, you won't be able to talk to your heart.
I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
Remember me and smile, for it's better to forget than to remember me and cry.
I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.
May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
What she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.
To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh.
In the endthese things matter most:How well did you love?How fully did you live?How deeply did you let go?
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
It doesn't matter. I have books, new books, and I can bear anything as long as there are books.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
I say let the world go to hell, but I should always have my tea.
Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life.
Morning is wonderful. Its only drawback is that it comes at such an inconvenient time of day.
I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you.
Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive.
The truth will set you free. But not until it is finished with you.
The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.
I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be...
Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.
They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!
The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history.
Freeing yourself was one thing, claiming ownership of that freed self was another.
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.
Atticus, he was real nice.Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them.
The Very first moment I beheld him, my heart was irrevocably gone.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.
All I have seen teaches me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen.
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
Second star to the right and straight on 'til morning. 
When will you learn that there isn't a word for everything?
Why are you worrying about YOU-KNOW-WHO, when you should be worrying about YOU-NO-POO? The constipation sensation that's gripping the nation!
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Man only likes to count his troubles; he doesn't calculate his happiness.
I'm killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness.
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up.
Youre dangerous, he says.Why?Because you make me believe in the impossible
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.
Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.
Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.
And then something invisible snapped insider her, and that which had come together commenced to fall apart.
Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren't very new after all.
The world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive.
People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.
Maybe our girlfriends are our soulmates and guys are just people to have fun with.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
When someone is in your heart, they're never truly gone. They can come back to you, even at unlikely times.
You only live twice:Once when you are bornAnd once when you look death in the face
I don't go out with strangers, I said.Good thing I do. I'll pick you up at five.
We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good.
Only a generation of readers will spawn a generation of writers.
I can't eat and I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?
You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.
Books are no more threatened by Kindle than stairs by elevators.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature.
You deal with mythological stuff for a few years, you learn that paradises are usually places where you get killed.
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.
I got schooled this yearbyaboy.A boy that I'm seriously, deeply, madly, incredibly, and undeniably in 
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire.
If no one cares for you at all, do you even really exist?
Sometimes love means letting go when you want to hold on tighter.
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.
We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, thats like saying you can never change your fate.
In one aspect, yes, I believe in ghosts, but we create them. We haunt ourselves.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one.
Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.
Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire.
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on. 
The impossible could not have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances.
If you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way.
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Imagination is like a muscle. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got.
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
I decided it is better to scream. Silence is the real crime against humanity.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters
Another belief of mine: that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Being with you never felt wrong. It's the one thing I did right. You're the one thing I did right.
Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man?
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
I decided as long as I'm going to hell, I might as well do it thoroughly.
Good sex is like good bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
...and then, I have nature and art and poetry, and if that is not enough, what is enough?
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story.
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
Never marry at all, Dorian. Men marry because they are tired, women, because they are curious: both are disappointed.
I suffer from girlnextdooritis where the guy is friends with you and that's it.
What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.
Behind this mask there is more than just flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea... and ideas are bulletproof.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
Sometimes, the best way to help someone is just to be near them.
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.
Why do beautiful songs make you sad?' 'Because they aren't true.' 'Never?' 'Nothing is beautiful and true.
Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
He who knows all the answers has not been asked all the questions.
The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.
All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope
Oh, we're playing nice now? Shall we have tea first? Brew up a nice pot of kiss-my-ass?
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.
Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else.
Sometimes you lose a battle. But mischief always wins the war
It is nothing to die. It is frightful not to live.
Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
To give pleasure to a single heart by a single act is better than a thousand heads bowing in prayer.
There are perhaps many causes worth dying for, but to me, certainly, there are none worth killing for.
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness.
Instructions for living a life. Pay attention. Be astonished. Tell about it.
After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one's own relations.
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Fear is a phoenix. You can watch it burn a thousand times and still it will return.
It's so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. 
Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
Freedom (n.): To ask nothing. To expect nothing. To depend on nothing.
I know some who are constantly drunk on books as other men are drunk on whiskey.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human facefor ever.
Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires.
We are all born sexual creatures,thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift.
Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy
To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balancedlife.
Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!
When I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better. 
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not. 
I think and think and think, Ive thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.
I don't suffer from my insanity -- I enjoy every minute of it.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present.
Hang on, did you just call me Angel? I asked.If I did?I don't like it.He grinned. It stays, Angel.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.
I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.
Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting.
The thing I realize is, that it's not what you take, it's what you leave.
It crosses my mind that Cinna's calm and normal demeanor masks a complete madman.
When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
When he died, all things soft and beautiful and bright would be buried with him.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
We need to talk. All of us About what we're going to do now.I was going to watch Project Runway.
If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!
Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
I don't hate you.. I just don't like that you exist
I figured all your classes were stuff like Slaughter 101 and Beheading for Beginners.Jace flipped a page. Very funny, Fray.
A trap is only a trap if you don't know about it. If you know about it, it's a challenge.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
    ...      
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a great deal faster than it does.
That's what fiction is for. It's for getting at the truth when the truth isn't sufficient for the truth.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
Listen to them, the children of the night. What music they make!
The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn't brood. I'd type a little faster.
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy?
The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.
It is often in the darkest skies that we see the brightest stars.
My wish is that you may be loved to the point of madness.
The difference between sex and love is that sex relieves tension and love causes it.
Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.
sex is the consolation you have when you can't have love
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it.Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!
Today is the sort of day where the sun only comes up to humiliate you.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike.