Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
So many books, so little time.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.

That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
You love me. Real or not real?I tell him, Real.
We read to know we're not alone.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
He's like a drug for you, Bella.
Classic - a book which people praise and don't read.
I love mankind ... it's people I can't stand!!
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
The marks humans leave are too often scars.
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
And in that moment, I swear we were infinite.
Books are a uniquely portable magic.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
We love the things we love for what they are.
This lifes hard, but its harder if youre stupid.
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
Wit beyond measure is mans greatest treasure.
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
Never memorize something that you can look up.
Peace begins with a smile..
You are, and always have been, my dream.
He can run faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo.
Don't think or judge, just listen.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
Grief does not change you, Hazel. It reveals you.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
A good friend will always stab you in the front.
Sleep is good, he said, and books are better.
Where there is love there is life.
May you live every day of your life.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
The planet is fine. The people are fucked.
Never laugh at live dragons.
Heres to books, the cheapest vacation you can buy.
Eating and reading are two pleasures that combine admirably.
If you expect nothing from somebody you are never disappointed.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
What's meant to be will always find a way
Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Hearts are made to be broken.
Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.
Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
I cannot live without books.
God created war so that Americans would learn geography.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
The wound is the place where the Light enters you.
For you, a thousand times over
Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
Not my daughter, you bitch!
Good books don't give up all their secrets at once.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Happiness is a warm puppy.
Books may well be the only true magic.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
We are all different. Dont judge, understand instead.
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
Kiss me, and you will see how important I am.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me.
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
What happens when people open their hearts?They get better.
Being crazy isn't enough.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Resist much, obey little.
I don't want to die without any scars.
Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy.
Angry people are not always wise.
No medicine cures what happiness cannot.
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
The town was paper, but the memories were not.
The road to hell is paved with adverbs.
Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up
Maybe 'okay' will be our 'always
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
What you seek is seeking you.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where the smiles have been.
Books are the mirrors of the soul.
If you look for perfection, you'll never be content.
It kills me sometimes, how people die.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
Fear cuts deeper than swords.
War is what happens when language fails.
God has no religion.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.
When love is not madness it is not love.
A brave man acknowledges the strength of others.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Some people have lives; some people have music.
Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
We live for books.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
Declarations of love amuse me. Especially when unrequited.
Dont grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
The scariest moment is always just before you start.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
To define is to limit.
I love you. Remember. They cannot take it
Reading one book is like eating one potato chip.
Cinderella? Snow White? What's that? An illness?
You never fail until you stop trying.
You'll stay with me?'Until the very end,' said James.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia.
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
Laters, baby.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
The more I see, the less I know for sure.
There are no facts, only interpretations.
What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.
Youve got about as much charm as a dead slug.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Basically, I have two speeds.... Hostile or smart-aleck. Your choice.
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
Don't Panic.
Live to the point of tears.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
Life is to be enjoyed, not endured
I go to seek a Great Perhaps.
What are men to rocks and mountains?
You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes.
Hate the sin, love the sinner.
I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.
Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
And so it goes...
I dream my painting and I paint my dream.
Forever is composed of nows.
One love, one heart, one destiny.
What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful.
Do your thing and don't care if they like it.
If you're lonely when you're alone, you're in bad company.
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
       
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
The world was hers for the reading.
The first draft of anything is shit.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
I'm quite illiterate, but I read a lot. 
Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.
Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow.
How did it get so late so soon?
I can resist anything except temptation.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Even death has a heart.
You speak an infinite deal of nothing.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Say 'provoking' again. Your mouth looks provocative when you do.
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
I love you like a fat kid loves cake!
I am a cage, in search of a bird.
To say goodbye is to die a little.
Don't feel bad, I'm usually about to die.
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
When I discover who I am, Ill be free.
You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?
Look after my heart - I've left it with you.
If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. Only assholes do that.
Happiness [is] only real when shared
Every great love starts with a great story...
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
The past has no power over the present moment.
I'm not young enough to know everything.
Literature is the most agreeable way of ignoring life.
Though she be but little, she is fierce!
Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
All great and precious things are lonely.
I've got nothing to do today but smile.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
I cannot sleep unless I am surrounded by books.
Dogs never bite me. Just humans.
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
Great minds are always feared by lesser minds.
love the life you live.live the life you love.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens
Don't be so humble - you are not that great.
Winter is coming.
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
Yes, frosting. The final defense of the dying.
A good book is an event in my life.
Love is the absence of judgment.
Keep in mind that people change, but the past doesn't.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
In a time of destruction, create something.
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
Compassion is the basis of morality.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.
You can have it all. Just not all at once.
I like good strong words that mean something
A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition.
Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
Honestly, if you were any slower, youd be going backward.
Quotation is a serviceable substitute for wit.
Only the dead have seen the end of war.
I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!
Let our scars fall in love.
A lot of you cared, just not enough.
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
She refused to be bored chiefly because she wasn't boring.
My library is an archive of longings.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.
Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.
Don't compromise yourself - you're all you have.
I drink to make other people more interesting.
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.
A house without books is like a room without windows.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
A word after a word after a word is power.
Give her hell from us, Peeves.
Try a little harder to be a little better.
Who, being loved, is poor?
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.
Reading brings us unknown friends
You're an idiot.I've never claimed to be otherwise.
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.
My soul will find yours.
May the odds be ever in your favor!
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends.
Crying is for plain women. Pretty women go shopping.
Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Tears are words that need to be written.
Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.
What do you want?Just coffee. Black - like my soul.
If we couldn't laugh we would all go insane.
Don't let the bastards grind you down.
I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
I must have loved you a lot.
True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.
When I was your age, television was called books.
You can make anything by writing.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.
You are not rich until you have a rich heart.
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
One person's craziness is another person's reality.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.
My rapier wit hides my inner pain.
I'd rather die my way than live yours.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
Where words leave off, music begins.
Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.
Curiouser and curiouser!
Your silence will not protect you.
The past is always tense, the future perfect.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
To err is human, to forgive, divine.
Evil is always possible. And goodness is eternally difficult.
The earth has its music for those who will listen
All happiness depends on courage and work.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
The earth laughs in flowers.
The future depends on what you do today.
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
The only truth is music.
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.
Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.
The things you used to own, now they own you.
Hope is a waking dream.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Literature is a textually transmitted disease, normally contracted in childhood.
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter
Always be a poet, even in prose.
The past is never where you think you left it.
I'm happy. Which often looks like crazy.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Freedom lies in being bold.
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
I hate men who are afraid of women's strength.
Well-read people are less likely to be evil.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
The best way out is always through.
District 12: Where you can starve to death in safety.
Now that she had nothing to lose, she was free.
All thinking men are atheists.
To survive, you must tell stories.
You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.
Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Man is the cruelest animal.
Humor is reason gone mad.
Maybe this world is another planets hell.
We learn from failure, not from success!
Marriage can wait, education cannot.
There are much worse games to play.
This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.
Don't let the muggles get you down.
The mountains are calling and I must go.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
You're something between a dream and a miracle.
But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.
Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.
Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!
We are always the same age inside. 
It is not the length of life, but the depth.
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.
I just want to be wonderful.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
If you want to be happy, be.
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
He is half of my soul, as the poets say.
Spring is the time of plans and projects.
And then I am going to rattle the stars.
People, generally, suck.
Black hair and blue eyes are my favorite combination.
Poetry is what happens when nothing else can.
We live as we dream--alone....
The soul is healed by being with children.
We are all born mad. Some remain so.
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.
The past beats inside me like a second heart.
I am a part of all that I have met.
Silence is so freaking loud